# The Truth (by titaniumcow)

## Chapter 1: Exodus

In the beginning, the creator of this world made 5 sacred relics. These relics were known as the Homosexual Diamonds. Three of them were cast out into the world and harnessed by various civilazations. They harnessed the pure gayness of the diamonds to erect prosperous cities, but one day a strange man came to one of the cities. He claimed his name was Muzak. he Demanded to see the Relic, which he was granted permission for. When he gazed upon it he swiftly grabbed it and ran out from the room he had just been in. Years later he returned to the town, which was now drying up. Since the Relic was gone everything had lost it's power. He stood on the town square and shouted for everyone's attention. And in front of every soul in the town, he held the Relic up in the air, and to their amazement, the relic warped into something else. it warped flat and bonded together into a long stick, which became a shovel. This has come to be "The Shovel of Gay. it could scrape away anything in the universe at the users will, it could erase time and space by it's own will. the man later gathered the townspeople and they went on an exodus to the other cities to gather the other Relics so they could too discover the true nature of these Relics they had sought for for so long. They walked through the barren lands for 14 years, until they found the great city of Belmur. They were let into the city and demanded to see the Relic. they were granted permissions to see the Relic and progressed into the town. as two gurards followed them they walked up to the shining pedestal from where the Relic as held. he grasped the Relic and at the touch of his hand it warped into a Broadsword. it was incredibly light and could harness the fire of the heavens. He turned to the group of people standing behind him. and said, I will bring Great happiness to this world, my children do not be afraid of this power for we shall harness it to our own gain. He turned toward the gates and spoke: Come with me. We must move on from this land. And on to the next.

## Chapter 2: The Great Battle at Yskhall

One shall not harvest melons by machine, but recieve them from the earth.

One shall not defile the bones into bone meal, unless if it's for farming or building.

Muzak had walked through the Desert for 14 years and had reached the cold, icy barren lands of Yskhall. These lands were not like the warm Desert he had come from, these lands were cold and unforgiving wastelands. as they walked through the barren fields.

Muzak noticed a group of people crawling out through the dead trees. they wore yellow robes and beared shining gold weapons much like the Shining Broadsword. He turned to his townspeople to reassure them that everything was alright, as the group charged towards them at inhuman speed. Just before they made impact, a flaming arrow had made it's mark on each one of the Bandits. Muzak turned to look next to him, and there was a man clothed in shining white robes. He held a shining bow in his hands, yet Muzak didn't see any arrows.

The arrows that had struck the Bandits were now gone as if they had never existed. The man spoke to Muzak, he asked them if they needed assistance and offered to take them to the Great City of Yskhall. Muzak agreed and as he had spoken the last of his words, they were instantly in front of the gates of The Great City of Yskhall.
The gates opened with a Rumbling sound that reminded one of Thunder. and they were let in. They were brought to the king of the City and as he noticed the Shining Broadsword and the Shovel of Gay, he spoke thou:

"You are here for the Relics if i am right?"

As Muzak prepared to ask why the king said, "no need, the relic told me you would come here". He handed Muzak the Relic with a warm smile gesturing him to hold onto it. as it touched Muzak's hand the relic instantly warped into a Shining Pickaxe.

The king Gestured for his guards to assist muzak to come to the nearby mountain range. Where he tested the new Relic. they assesed that it could break a hole in a mountain without barely breaking a sweat. it could pick up mountains and move them by hand. it could duplicate one Gem into millions of Gemstones by just the thought of doing so. The king led them out of the town and back into the cold unforgiving wastes. he hugged Muzak and they parted ways. but just as they had started walking the gang of bandits shoved up once again. This time they were bearing Shining Swords and Shining spears, almost as if they were made of the pure essence of hellfire itself. they charged towards Muzak and his followers, but Muzak took a stand and defended his people. He reached for his shining sword and cut down foe after foe, as their witched souls flew into the ground he reached for the Shining Pickaxe and erased the ground they were in. He reached for The Shovel of Gay and Banished the souls of the bandits to the Void dimension. his people were safe once moreand they could continue on their journey to find the last two Relics that were still unknown to the world. As he set onto the sunrise he spoke to his people: We will free these lands of their debts to the Devil and bring peace and Happiness to this world. I will hold my word, even if i have to die to accomplish it.

## Chapter 3: The Imp

Many moons had passed since the Great battle at Yskhall
and Muzak was growing tired of wandering through the endless lands, searching for the Relics. He set up camp and waited for the  
sun to set. As he looked on into the sunset he saw a man approach him from the distance. he resembled a comet pertruding from the heart of the sun. as he arrived Muzak asked him: "what troubles you boy? are you lost?". The man didn't answer, he just kept walking towards Muzak. this startled him, he could feel the hairs on his neck stand up, and shivers down his back as he slowly pulled back into his tent. Yet the man continued walking until he had reached a halt. he spoke thus: "hello, your name must be Muzak right? i have heard a lot about you around these parts". he said.

The man Introduced himself as Ethan. He handed Muzak a scroll of papyrus. It was hard to make out, but Muzak understood what it meant. the scrolls entailed that there was a man named Flick who was in possession of one of the last Gay Diamonds. Muzak rose up from his chair.

He reached for Ethan and said: "so Ethan was your name? Join me in taking back the Relic." Ethan replied with "No i cannot possibly be handed such great responsibility! I am just a simple messenger boy." Ethan swatted away Muzak's hand. "that may be true, but that does

Not impact your worth as a person, to me you are worth as much as any other human." He once again reached for Ethan. He set his hand on Ethan's shoulder. With a warm smile he told him: "Join me, Ethan."
And so they walked together into the sunset. Their shadows dancing in the deep orange light.
After a couple days of walking they came across a cave. inside of the cave was a lever. They tried flicking the lever, but to no awail. Ethan stepped forward and flicked the lever up and down a couple of times, and eventually the wall slided into the ground, revealing a stairwell. the walls and roof were covered in glowing stone, and the walls were decorated with Fire and Brimstone. the room glowed in an ominous light. Ethan hesitated at first, but eventually began walking down the staircase as Muzak assured him everything was alright. They cautiously walked down the stairwell, minding their steps all the way. As they reached the bottom of the stairs, There was a mirror on the wall. Ethan went to touch the mirror but fell right through it. Muzak, puzzled by this reached his jand into the mirror feeling around the edges of the inside of it. He took a leep of faith and ran through. On the other side was and entire land filled with Blazing flames, brimstone and lava as far as the eye could see. suddenly, a man appeared out from the fires. he was wearing a black and white suit. and a crimson tie. Muzak asked him: "are you the man they call Flick?" The man replied with "no, no im just a servant of the gods." He bowed, and Muzak could see he had a tail. A red tail you would see on scrolls depicting the Devil. Muzak shouted at the man: "What are you?!" "oh, me? i am just an Imp." Muzak had heard of Imps before. though he thought they were just an old wives tale, something to scare kids from being naugthy: watch out or the Imp will get you, stand out of line and the Imp will drag you down to hell. He couldn't believe his eyes.

He reached for his Broadsword and warned him: "stay away from us or i will banish your soul to the Void. "Oh dear, i'm afraid you cannot do that." the Imp replied. "For i have no soul." It continued. In the Imp's hand a glowing red trident appeared. flames dancing across it. The Imp started convulsing and a pair of red wings sprouted from its back. They looked liek the wings of a bat. And were as long as a horse on each side. The Imp Jumped at them with it's trident pointed at them. Muzak raised his sword, ready to strike the Imp. But just as they were about to make impact, the Imp disappeared and reappeared at Muzak's right. He gave out a screech while charging at them. Muzak Striked the Imp, cutting off one of it's wings. The Imp gave off a scream sounding equal to a chicken being slaugthered. He receded back into the flames stumbling about. The previously cut off wing grew back in an instant as it came into contact with fire. Muzak figured this was it's weak point and reached for his Pickaxe of Gay. He erased the fires. The Imp scoffed at him and said "I DON'T NEED FIRE POWER TO KILL YOU!" He became enraged and leaped at Muzak. He went after Ethan which angered Muzak. He Struck the Imp in the torso and sliced off it's head. before it got any chance to recover, Muzak took out The Shovel of Gay and banished the Imp into the void dimension.
Stumbling to his legs, his body now old and not used to fighting, he asked Ethan: "Can you stand?" Ethan stood up and faced Muzak. "Lets go to this man named Flick and take our Relic back!" he said with a gleeful smile. As they turned towards the mirror seamlessely floating above the ground, the mirror shattered. And a booming voice sounded across the charred valley. It Sounded like thunder.
The voice spoke: "I see you have defeated my Minion. Now, come face me and declare your business here, Mortals.

## Chapter 4: The man born from fire

The deep and menacing voice boomed across the charred valley, like thunder. "I see you have defeated my Minion. Now, come face me and declare your business here, Mortals."

Muzak and Ethan looked around in different directions, expecting danger at any given moment and direction, but the air was silent. in fact, in this land there wer no wind. just the sound of blazing fires. Muzak walked towards the direction the Imp had come from. Ethan warned him that this might be a trap, but Muzak didn't listen.
He was too curious of this strange fiery land. Ethan slowly but surely followed behind, looking left and right for any possible dangers. They entered a cave covered with strange flowers. they gave out a deathly glow of dark purple.

Ethan picked one of them up, and before he knew it it had started melting his skin. He let out a raspy scream and swatted the flower away. Muzak turned to tend to Ethan's wounds when he saw that his flesh had turned black, in fact his whole arm had turned black.

The black ness was spreading throughout his entire body. Slowly but surely he was being poisoned by his own curiosity. Muzak urged Ethan to stay behind and rest, but Ethan told Muzak to "fuck off and continue the journey". Muzak was stubborn to this idea at first, but complied.

They emerged out of the cave and they found a crimson red forest. it was dotted with red mushroooms all over, and strange creatures walked around. they looked like people, but they were incredibly disfigured and injured. Then Muzak realised that they weren't human.

They were twisted monstrosities, half pig half man. They carried Golden swords. But they didnt seem to attack them. They didn't even seem to care about their presence at all. They ventured on into th forest among these strange pigmen, until they found a large tower of blood colored stone. it was surrounded by a moat of Lava. As they approached, a large drawbridge of chains and stone lowered, to reveal an opening inside. They crossed the bridge and went into the tower. Inside there was a spiral staircase leading up. Stone statues of demons lined the entrance and the walls as the went upwards. Muzak could recognise many of these demons. Ignis, the demon of fire. Terra, the Demon of earth. Aqua the Demon of water. And Caeli, the Demon of the wind.
The staircase seemed to go on forever, they walked for many hours until they finally reached the top. It was a big room with magma lining the walls. the ceiling was made out of a material so white, that it blinded you if you looked up at it. hanging down from the ceiling was a large Gold chandelier. the chandeleir was topped with blue flames, seamlessely dancing among the Chandeleir.
At the back of the room was a big metal throne. it was topped with black skulls. They walked out onto the red carpet that was laid out onto the floor. Before their eyes, a man materialised onto the throne. He gave a slow clap, before resting his head on his head onto his fist. Muzak asked him: "who the hell are you?!" The man replied with: "Oh, me? I am just the Devil." "are you the one they call Flick?" Muzak asked.
"i go by many names, the devil, Lucifer, Satan. Just to name a few. I have been watching you all this time and you have amassed quite a following Muzak. But i am afraid, that you have to perish. I cannot let my gemstone be taken away from me." He stood up and calle out: "Summone flare spirae!" As he had said that a spiral of fire encased Ethan and Muzak. Muzak took ahold of his Shining Broadsword and took a stand. Ethan reached for his dagger he had hidden away all this time and got ready to attack. Ethan shouted a phrase that muzak coulnt's understand: "Exibunt aquae!" At his word wave of water materialised out of thin air and doused both Flick and the entire room in water. Flick shouted another sentence: "Stagnum ignis!" And at his command, a stream of lava burst through the air. Ethan countered his attack by shouting: "Rubrum flumen!" his stream of lava was nullified and turned to stone in a blast of steam. Muzak turned to Ethan.
"What are these powers you are utilizing?!" He asked. These powers we are using are called enchantments." Muzak looked puzzled. Ethan replied with: "They are essentially prayers to the god of the elements, you say their name and they lend you their powers."

Muzak got a burst of excitement and his face turned to a gleeful smile. He shouted: "Uicibus percuties eam esse hanc lucernam saxa!"
A black ball of darkness formed at his palm, growing bigger and bigger every second and out from the ball a bolt of black lightning sprouted out towards Flick. It hit him in the chest and lit up his entire bone structure, until there was none. He gave out a gruesome scream, before being turned to dust. Muzak shouted: "Ne res flectere voluntatem meam!" and phased through the wall. After a while he came back out with the Relic in his hand. He turned to Ethan and said: "Thank you, Ethan for coming with me to this wretched place. I thank you dearly for this my child." He handed Ethan the Reliv and said: "Here, your very own. Go ahead, bend it into what you want it to be.
Ethan held the Relic into the air. It Warped into a Great battle Axe. It glowed with a deep blue, and had the ability to both heal and destroy. Muzak asked Ethan if there was an enchantment for portals. Ethan responded with: "Yes, there is. Repeat after me Muzak." He said before holstering the axe on his back.

"Et universum flectere voluntatem meam! Redi nos ad sanctorum societatem civium!" He shouted. Ethan started to disappear as if he was phasing out of existence. And thus Muzak was standing there alone. He thought about this long journey that he had partaken in, and what his future was to bring. He Shouted the same phrase as Ethan: "Et universum flectere voluntatem meam! Redi nos ad sanctorum societatem civium!" And his vision started to blur. He woke up back at his camp with all of his Relics sitting beside him. Was it just a dream? He wondered. He got out of bed and was greeted by Ethan mingling with the townspople outside. The journey was over. And everything was at peace. The desert sun gleamed in the distance. Giving out a deep orange glow, calming the people of the camp.
Ethan gave muzak a glare and asked: "are you gonna venture out again?" "No, i think i'll watch the sunset for a while." He replied.
