# The Book of Boul (by titaniumcow)

The humans prospered for thousands of years, but in the shadows a darkness grew more and more powerful as the days went by. Down underneath the earth's crust lies a dark tomb. There lies a sanctuary where the lost dead crawl about, searching for answers and ways to unlock the imprisonment of Boul. One day they will find the key. This cataclysmic event will be know as the sooping. 375 AD: A man walks through a village. His dark robes mixing with the shackles he bears. The sands shifting around him as he goes. Weird looks follow his path. He progresses towards the palace and stops right outside the guard's camp. The guards try to halt his march as they run towards death itself. They fall into the underworld with the lightest touch. As they lay on the ground, reaching for their breath, a golden dagger sweeps their souls away. Soon they are nothing but statues of rich men. Doomed to decorate their priceless palaces. The man goes into the palace, where he  is greeted by an iron throne. The black metal lingers in the corners, ready to strike him down. Heaven's light pierces the metal pedestal as he sends out his revenge, his dagger swiftly turning the living into shining metals. Their souls fading into the darkness as they crawl at the ground, helpless and alone. They are doomed to join his army of undead, whether they are deemed worthy or not, for he does not care. On the iron throne there sits a man, tarnished by his own greed. His skin blackened. He screams for assistance as the light fades from his frightened eyes. Golden blood, streaming into the floor. Ichor had been spilled on unholy soil. There it seeps and declines until he is awakened once again. May the gods bleed for him as he awakens once again!
