# Jaytle (by Lurien)

It was the night of May 4th, the sky was a bleak shade of grey, nevertheless, there was hope in the air. Dozens of teenagers across platforms were constantly checking their discord dms with optimism. It was the mod-selecting night, and on this night, two users who unbeknownst to them, were bound to cross paths, received that magic dm. Jaeyla and Turtleboi, two likely candidates for moderator of the server, had fulfilled their dream. As of tomorrow morning, they would officially be moderators of TGN. Both way awake long into the night, contemplating their first decisions as mod. But first, they had to go through training. Training pushed both of them to their absolute limits, but they got through it, and by the end, the sparkle in their eyes was gone and they were both ready to be mods. Atleast, thats what they thought. The two mods were immediately thrown into extremely rough water, a torrent of alts and hackers and bedbombs, something even the senior mods like the couple Muzak and OverFast struggled to deal with. The players of the server had been causing a ruckus, especially over the banning of a high-profile and infamous player. Standing inside the nether hub you could hear shrieking from a nearby bunker, with explosions punctuating the screams. The nether at the moment, was both ironically and unironically, literally hell. However, back to back, the two mods found something they never thought they would find, each other. Together, the mods could fight back griefers and work their way into and out of tricky coreprotect situations way faster.
They signed their bans “-turtle and jaeyla”, a signature which was a clear sign of affection in the OverZak relationship, although they insisted it was just a record of which mods worked on the report. Nevertheless, their relationship became more than working, it became friendly, and then it became more than friendly. Yet, how could a relationship like theirs ever work? He was a guy, she was a girl, relationships like those were taboo in mod circles. They would make it work-in secret. Unlike the celebrated relationship of OverZak, they would hide in the shadows, working together but only when they were the only ones online. They made sure to coordinate their logins to make it seem like it was a coincidence the majority of their time spent online happened to be when the other was online. But you can only hide for so long, although the mods seemed not to care, the users noticed. Anytime there was a ban, a working one, Turtleboi and Jaeyla always said, it was just a tied signature because they worked on it together, the users would chant “Turtle x Jay” over and over. The mods, their hearts beating hard in their chests. Said “No!” they protested, “I would never!” “That’s disgusting!”. But the players knew these cries were halfhearted, and one day, the tension came to a head. Another mod, who had applied with them, MarioFoli, had found them together in an area suspiciously devoid of griefs. “Are you two. . .” MarioFoli let the question answer itself. The lovers gazed into each others eyes, and their hearts dropped, they knew their secret was uncovered.

## Unofficial part 2 to Turtle x Jay by u/epikguy32 (original author: Lurien)

As Mario realized what was going on, Turtle quickly clambered to his feet and said, his voice quivering and terrified: "Mario it's not what you think, Jay and I were simply-" "I've heard enough, Turtle. Though at TGN we do not take issue with moderator relationships, the uproar you've caused with your rumours and actions has forced me into a position I never thought I'd be in, Turtle, you're fired.

Mario walked off into the distance, ripping the letter in his pocket to shreds.

Part 1: The Aftermath

Turtle had not been sleeping well he'd wake up drenched in sweat every night, tortured by dreams of Jay. The night Mario had fired him from the moderating team he tried desperately to convince Mario to hire him back, you see, Mario didn't actually have the power to fire Turtle, as they were both the same rank, but Muzak told him that he obliged it as well, the morning after the incident he woke up to a bitter surprise, he had been banned from the server entirely.

The message he awoke to read as follows: "Banned for causing unrest within the moderating team and disrupting the peace" Something about that last part, though, didn't sit well with him. "Disrupting the Peace? That didn't make any sense" he thought. "Jay and I banned more people than any of the other new mods, if anything, we were KEEPING the peace." And so Turtle did something he never thought he'd do, he logged onto an alt account, and went into the server to confront Mario.

When he got on to the server he was treated with the usual respect and slight disgust of a new player, at least Famskiis gave him a warm welcome. Though most didn't acknowledge his existence at all, he checked the player list, Jay was online but Mario wasn't, he messaged Jay and told her he was playing on an alt and asked if they could meet. Jay surprised and intrigued that he would do something like this, obliged and asked for coords. "Meet me in Salmon Lake; There's something we need to talk about.

Turtle was standing quietly, looking out at the lake, he had come a long way since first joining the server, but there was still much to do. Then he heard the sound of a Nether Portal and saw Jay's nametag. She was here, and he beckoned for her to come over. "So, why were you banned? After what happened two days ago I'm still pretty confused," she asked. "Disrupting the peace was the note left on the ban notice. And the whole community is going insane over the announcement. I'm not the most well-liked mod, but something doesn't add up." Turtle said, "What doesn't add up?" Jay replied, "Mario, I'm not sure why he seemed so upset, it's just not like him to ban someone over bullshit." Turtle noted, "Couldn't you appeal the ban? I'm sure it's not that serious." Jay asked, "Nope. Ban's permanent and they IP banned me from the appeal form. I think they're being harsh too, but something's going on we don't know about, I'm going to confront Mario about it later tonight, and I want you to be there." Just then, another person came through the portal; it was Mario.

Mario was sitting quietly in his study, pondering what to do with Turtle, he wanted to make him suffer, not just ban a million alts. He thought of what to do for a while, pouring over books and Redstone trap tutorials, the worst punishment, he thought. Was to entrap Turtle in a far corner of the map, and poison Jay, bringing her to his mansion overlooking spawn, he'd also banish him from /home, /sethome, and /spawn as well. "He'll sit and watch as his precious Jay dies of a slow, painful death." It's what he deserves for taking my life away from me."

Turtle and Jay were walking on the shores of the lake, talking about their time together and the future to come. "Well it's been five minutes, I guess he's too much of a bitch to ban you," said Jay, laughing. "Yeah, but something troubles me, you know, I haven't seen too many mods online lately, and I'm concerned at what Mario is thinking currently. But I don't want to worry about that now, perhaps Mario is having somewhat of a rough patch and isn't himself." Turtle said, "I doubt it," Jay replied, "Some rotten eggs have got through the application process and are mods now, so it's not surprising someone would do this. Just report it to Muzak, and he'll be taken out, I think the power just went to his head." Jay spoke, "Maybe, hey, the suns setting, let's get out of the town centre and watch it on the beach, tomorrow is going to be hell lmao. It'll be nice to have a moment of peace before everything goes to shit." Turtle said as he lead Jay over to the coast.

"What a beautiful sight, I know this game was released ages ago but damn if it doesn't look beautiful," Jay said, her eyes glistening in the twilight. As the two watched the setting sun, they fell into a kiss, and that was the last that Turtle would see of Jay for quite the while.
