# Infinity is Trash (by -sircholera)

Infinity is trash. it's just a tall white tower In the middle of a forest. There's basically 5 torches and for some ungodly reason I think they managed the world's ugliest dirt pile. I mean I'd like to say it's a mountain but It do be a dirt pile. with no grass on it. I walked in both directions not a soul in sight. I looked to the left of the portal there was a natural spawning pit of lava. I am sad to say that the spot near the lava had more light then the entirety of the monstrosity. Then I tell them this in the discord and yeah I guess it was a little rude to call it a shit town but you have to agree with it though at least. They got mad at me wouldn't even send screenshots of what I missed. if I did miss anything. I'm also pretty sure that infinity's people don't know how to build signs. That point in the direction of where is city centre and etc. They also claim residents get access to some multi Cellular gold farm or some bullshit like that. who knew that living in it urban hell would be worth it  because you'd receive a couple of gold ingots!

Now its not that I'm a die-hard seaman that I'm saying these things. like I get why superiority is marveled at. Because it's fucking gorgeous it's absolutely a wonderful place because of all the talented builders. Heck I'd had already moved into the mountains when I wandered upon seatown home of the seamen it absolutely took my breath away and I instantly fell in love. I then decided to abandon my pre existing house and move to the wonderous seatown and so I did. INFINITY HAS THE EXACT OPPOSITE AFFECT ON ME. like good Lord. I'm starting to believe infinity is a hoax town that doesn't really exist or trying to pass as a town but secretly a military base. infinity really got me smh.
