# SCP-3969

SCP-3969

Object Class: Euclid

Level 3: Classified

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3969 is to be kept in a 10x15 block humanoid containment. Walls are to be reinforced with 2 blocks wide netherite. Said containment must be locked at all times as SCP-3969 does not require traditional nourishment of any kind.

Description: SCP-3969 is what resembles a man with blue skin and wearing black armor. Subject stays docile for most hours of the day until a time period designated SCP-3969-1 occurs.
This period ranges from 8PM EST to 2AM EST. For each instance of SCP-3969-1, SCP-3969 will become erradic and violent, procuring various types of weaponry from thin air. This procedure is being researched.
After procuring a weapon, SCP-3969 will begin tearing away at containment, and all personell who enter the containment at this point.

Methods of attack include: slashing/stabbing, dropping heavy objects onto them or shooting them with a bow and arrow.

If SCP-3969 is left alone until time period is over, it will again become docile.

Attempts to communicate with SCP-3969 has been succesfull. See interview Log #1.

SCP-3969 was retrieved into Foundation custody when reports coming from a small town of several homicides.

SCP-3969 willfully entered custody with no problems whatsoever.

Cross testing with other SCP's have been attempted, but it's discouraged due to SCP-3969's destructive nature. See Research Log #1.

Subject has been requesting to be referred to as "WinterStars", being denied many times.

Interview Log #1 

Researcher enters SCP-3969's containment cell and takes a seat.

SCP-3969 sits down on the opposite side of the table, resting its head on its palm.

Researcher: "Can you tell me a bit about yourself? Where do you come from? When did you find out about your anomalous abilities?"

SCP-3969 scoffs and sits back into its chair.

Researcher: "Not talking huh?"

He brings out a pair of elytra and dangles them infront of SCP-3969's face.

It grabs the elytra and stuffs them in its pocket.

Researcher: "Cooperate, and we'll give you more."

SCP-3969 nods.

SCP-3969: "I was just hanging out in Superiority one day and y'know, it just happened."

Researcher: "Can you tell me more?"

SCP-3969: "Sometimes I black out and wake up in different places not knowing how I got there."

Researcher: "Do you enjoy living here?"

SCP-3969: "It sure is cramped, but it's a lot better than out in the streets where I came from."

Researcher remains in the room with SCP-3969 until SCP-3969-1 begins. SCP-3969 becomes erratic and attacks the researcher, ripping them apart.

Subject can be seen hesistating as if it doesn't want to kill.

End Log

Research Log #1 
Crosstest SCP-3969 and SCP-4200

SCP-3969 and SCP-4200 are instructed to enter a room and wait out until they are let out.

SCP-3969 attempts to make visual contact with SCP-4200, but is met with the sound of the Brazilian national anthem playing at 5000 Decibels, rupturing personell to separate the two until further notice.

SCP-3969 is recovering in its containment, complaining about tinnitus.

End Log
