# Sirius x Pixela (by Jaxon)

::: danger NSFW
This work is not safe for work.
:::

Pixela was at the library on a warm summer’s evening, browsing the manga section, and enjoying the calmness and serenity of the aisles. He heard a noise behind him, and turned around to find Sirius standing near the end caps. Sirius walked quietly over to Pixela and gripped him by the shoulder. “Hey Pix, still looking at all these anime thingies?” asked Sirius. “Y-yeah,” mumbled Pixela as he blushed slightly, the tight grip of Sirius’ hand making him tremble, “I-I was looking for the new Jojo novel, b-but I don’t think they have it in yet.” “Oh no? That’s a shame.” said Sirius as he leaned into Pixela’s ear, “Although, I know you like to read a certain kind of manga, only when you’re alone. Do they have any of those?” he whispered. Pixela could feel his heart pounding in his chest, and he turned beet red. “W-what do you mean, Sirius?” “Oh, you think I’m clueless?. Don’t think you’re so sneaky, saying you need to, ‘go to the bathroom’ on our date nights. I know how I make you feel, and how you’re feeling right now. I know exactly what you want, what you need.” Sirius squeezed Pixela’s shoulder to emphasize his last word, nearly causing Pixela to fall over.

"What do you say we head home, and have some fun. I’m getting tired of movie nights, let’s spice things up.” said Sirius. With that, he lead Pixela out to the car, and got in the driver’s seat. Pixela buckled himself into the passenger’s side as Sirius sped off towards the road home. Pixela felt excited, and massaged the bulge in his pants. He looked towards Sirius, and down at his lover’s own bulge. Sirius noticed this out of the corner of his eye, and said, “Oh? Is my little lover too excited to wait until we get back? I suppose we could start early.” Sirius pulled the car down an old, dusty road until they were completely hidden from view. He then parked the car, and pulled down his zipper, revealing his large cock as it flopped out onto the steering wheel. Pixela began salivating at the sight of Sirius’ member, and instinctively brought it’s head up to his lips. As Pixela began to massage Sirius’ cock head with his lips, Sirius pushed Pixela down onto him. Pixela moaned in ecstasy, as the warm shaft filled his mouth. He felt like he was drowning in Sirius’ crotch, unable to breath, the lack of air and freedom making him unbearably horny when he pulled his head away. He began moving up and down on his member, licking the shaft as he felt it pulsate. It was all Sirius could do before he exploded into Pixela’s mouth. “Don’t swallow!” he commanded, Pixela looking meekly up at him before pulling his head off his dick, his cheeks full of cum. “Show me.” ordered Sirius. Pixela was more than happy to oblige, holding his head up as he opened his mouth, revealing the pool of cum on his tongue. “Now you can swallow.” said Sirius; Pixela excitedly gulped down his hot, sticky load.

Sirius saw a spot of precum leaking through Pixela’s shorts, and smiled. He took off again, finally arriving at home, and picked up Pixela out of the passenger’s seat. Pixela felt safe, and happy, snuggled in Sirius’ big muscular arms. Sirius brought him inside, and laid him down onto the bed.

"Strip for me, or I’ll pull those clothes off myself!” said Sirius. Pixela slowly pulled his pants down, then his underwear, as Sirius held his erect dick, stroking it at the sight of Pixela’s asshole. Sirius flipped Pixela onto his stomach, and held him up by the hips. He quickly pressed himself inside, as Pixela gasped. A look of bliss crossed his face as he drooled slightly, the feeling of getting pounded by Sirius was too much to bear. Pixela’s cock began leaking precum onto the sheets, as he attempted to stroke it, but the force of Sirius’ thick dick in his ass made him have to hold himself up. Sirius, kneeling on the bed, leaned into Pixela as he continued pounding. He brought his mouth forward and lightly bit into Pixela’s shoulder, and whispered, “You like getting fucked, you little slut? Tell me how much you like this.” Pixela whimpered, “I-I lov-AH! I love it!” Pixela cried out every time Sirius pushed himself into him, and he could feel his lover’s huge cock spreading him apart, the shaft working it’s way deeper inside him. Pixela felt like he was going to break, as tears formed in his eyes. He came into the sheets on the bed, and collapsed into a pool of his own cum. Sirius looked down, and saw that his boy-toy had finally given out. The sight of his face drooling in pleasure, and the feeling of his asshole wrapped around his cock, was too much to bear. Sirius burst into Pixela’s asshole, the flow of cum like a waterfall into his stomach. Pixela had a feeling like he was going to throw up, and couldn’t keep his mouth closed as hot cum suddenly poured out of his nose and mouth. Sirius pulled himself out, with a loud pucker, and let the rest of his cum drip onto Pixela’s back. He stood up, drenched in sweat. “Ready for round two?” he quipped. All Pixela could let out was a muffled moan, his face covered in hot jizz. Sirius gave him a kiss on the head, wiped his lips, and went downstairs, leaving Pixela to drift off to sleep on the cum covered bed.

When he awoke, Pixela groaned; his asshole was sore from their afternoon fun. Pixela was still caked in cum from last night. He waddled to the shower, and laid down, letting the water run over him. He finally got up, all clean, and put on some non-sticky clothes, and made his way downstairs. He found Sirius reading the newspaper with a cup of coffee, and a tray of pancakes in the kitchen. Pixela decided he wasn’t hungry, and sat down at the kitchen table. “I was wondering when you would wake up,” Sirius commented, “I went to the library this morning to grab this for you.” Sirius gave Pixela a sly grin, and slid over the latest copy of Jojo’s Bizarre Adventure. Pixela smiled warmly, and picked up the book.
